Add the dbgshim API for .NET Core (#28798)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/unmanaged-api/debugging/iclrdebugginglibraryprovider3-provideunixlibrary-method.md

---
description: "Learn more about: ICLRDebuggingLibraryProvider3::ProvideUnixLibrary Method"
title: "ICLRDebuggingLibraryProvider3::ProvideUnixLibrary Method"
ms.date: "03/30/2017"
api_name:
  - "ICLRDebuggingLibraryProvider3.ProvideUnixLibrary Method"
api_location:
  - "mscordbi.dll"
api_type:
  - "COM"
f1_keywords:
  - "ICLRDebuggingLibraryProvider3::ProvideUnixLibrary"
helpviewer_keywords:
  - "ProvideUnixLibrary method [.NET Core debugging]"
  - "ICLRDebuggingLibraryProvider3::ProvideUnixLibrary method [.NET Core debugging]"
ms.assetid: 86f06245-9517-49be-8d8c-ca5deaf34c02
topic_type:
  - "apiref"
---
# ICLRDebuggingLibraryProvider3::ProvideUnixLibrary Method

> Gets a library provider callback interface that allows common language runtime (CLR) version-specific debugging libraries to be located and loaded on demand.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allows the debugger to provide a path to a version-specific common language runtime (CLR) debugging library on MacOS and Linux.
```
